Updated sentence to mention service accounts (#1456)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/core/registry/aliases.md

### Protected aliases
Use a [protected alias]({{< relref "aliases/#protected-aliases" >}}) to both label and identify artifact versions that should not be modified or deleted. For example, consider using a `production` protected alias to label and identify artifact versions that are in used in your organization's machine learning production pipeline.

> [Registry admins]({{< relref "/guides/core/registry/configure_registry/#registry-roles" >}}) and [service accounts]({{< relref "/support/kb-articles/service_account_useful" >}}) with admin permissions can create protected aliases and add or remove protected aliases from an artifact version. Members and Viewers cannot unlink a protected version or delete a collection that contains a protected . See [Configure registry access]({{< relref "/guides/core/registry/configure_registry.md" >}}) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Registry admins]({{< relref "/guides/core/registry/configure_registry/#registry-roles" >}}) and [service accounts]({{< relref "/support/kb-articles/service_account_useful" >}}) with the Admin role can create protected aliases and add or remove protected aliases from an artifact version. Members and Viewers cannot unlink a protected version or delete a collection that contains a protected . See [Configure registry access]({{< relref "/guides/core/registry/configure_registry.md" >}}) for details.
```
